---
layout: default
title: Edit course content
---

# Edit course content

## File hierarchy

You can basically invent your own structure for the course but a good template
is the following:


    _config.yml
    index.md
    labs/
        lab1.md
    lectures/
        lecture1.md
        lecture2.pdf
    img/
        plot1.png


## Course menubar

The contents of the menubar at the top is defined in the `_config.yml` file.
Towards the end of that file you should find an entry called `menu` followed
by a number of sub defined menu entries. It should be fairly self
exlpanatory. The number of whitespace characters before tings in the file is
_very_ important so be sure to follow the format.

The most important thing to focus on here is if you want direct links to each
lab and/or lecture which should probably be in submenus, as in this guide and
the base template.


## Pages

Pages are automatically generated by jekyll from the `.md` files in the
repository. A file called `schedule.md` will generate the page
`course-name/schedule` (you can also use the URL `course-name/schedule.html`,
the `.html` ending is optional). Subdirectories in the repository will end up
as subdirectories on the site, just remember to not start your directory names
with `_` (underscore) since those are special and reserved for jekyll.

### Page formatting

Jekyll uses fairly standard markdown format. Here is a quick refrence


    This is a simple paragraph with **bold** and _italic_ text.

    Lists:

    * One
    * More
    * Bullet

    - Hypens
    - Work

    1. Numbered list
    2. More numbers
    5. The numbers don't matter


This is a simple paragraph with **bold** and _italic_ text.

Lists:

* One
* More
* Bullet
- Hypens
- Work
- Too

1. Numbered list
2. More numbers
5. The numbers don't matter



## Images

It might be a good idea to put the images in the `img/` subdirectory and
reference them from there to reduce clutter.



* File hierarchy of stuff
* Edit the menu structure in config.yml 
* Edit files
    * Features available
    * Which `<code>` tags to use.
